ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/UserInterface/01a_Bookings.md

# Postings

> 

Reviewer: check for indentation!

*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS*

  ![Post](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Bookings/Bookings.png "[Post]")

> 

Reviewer: **Postings list**

> 

Reviewer: **Postings list**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Postings list**
```

> The *POSTINGS* tab displays all existing postings in the selected posting period in chronological order. The posting details displayed in columns are read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list displays all postings in the selected posting period in chronological order. All fields are are read-only.
```

- *Seq. no.*  

> This column displays the sequential number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequential number.
```

> This column displays the sequential number.
> 
>   > [Info] The posting numbers must be sequential and are added by the system automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequential number of the posting. The posting numbers must be sequential and are added by the system automatically.
```

- *BP*  

> This column displays the posting period (month/journal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Journal number of the posting period. 
```
Nur eine Zahl -> Month oder Journal? Ich glaube, es wird nur das Journal angezeigt...

> 

Reviewer: In the following: 
remove the "this column displays"

- *Turnover*  
This column displays the turnover value.

- *Contra account*  
This column displays the contra account number.

- *Receipt1*  

> This column displays the receipt 1 value, usually the invoice number.
> 
>   > [Info] The information provided in the *Receipt 1* field is essential, as the system identifies and groups together any subsequent postings taking this field as reference, for example for an invoice settlement or a credit note in case of refund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receipt 1 value, usually the invoice number. The information provided in this field is essential, as the system identifies and groups together any subsequent postings taking this field as reference, for example for an invoice settlement or a credit note in case of refund.
```

- *Receipt2*  
This column displays the receipt 2 value, which can be any other reference number, such as the order number.

- *Date*  
This column displays the posting date. The valid date format is DDMMYY.

- *Account*  
This column displays the account number, usually a personal account number, that is, a customer or supplier account number. A valid range for personal account numbers (10000-69999 for customers and 70000-99999 for suppliers) is predefined in the system.

>   > [Info] Customer and supplier personal accounts can be created, edited and deleted. For detailed information, see [Manage the customer/supplier](../Integration/05_ManageCustomerSupplier.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- *Cst1*  

> This column displays the cost center number selected.
> 
>   > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost center has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of the selected cost center. This field is only applicable if at least one cost center has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).
```

- *Cst2*  

> This column displays the cost unit number selected.
> 
>   > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost unit has been set up. For more details, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of the selected cost object. This field is only applicable if at least one cost object has been set up. For more details, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).
```

- *(Unnamed column)*  

> This column displays a ![B](../../Assets/Icons/Beleg.png "[B]") icon if a receipt has been linked to the posting. When clicking the icon, the linked receipt is displayed in the *Attached document* window. For detailed information, see [Attached document](#attached-document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indication of whether a receipt has been linked to the posting. If a receipt has been linked to the posting, the ![B](../../Assets/Icons/Beleg.png "[B]") (B) button is displayed. Click the button to display the corresponding receipt in the *Attached document* window. For detailed information, see [Attached document](#attached-document).
```

[comment]: <> (Comment on Bug file -> suggestion to add a name to column)

- *Text*  

> This column displays the posting text, if any has been entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Posting text.
```

> - *Fiscal year XXXX/Month X/Journal X*  
> This text displays the fiscal year, month and journal currently selected. This information is read-only.
> 
>   > [Info] If the fiscal year or the posting period need to be changed, click the [FY/MONTH/JOURNAL] button to display the select fiscal year window. For detailed information, see [Fiscal year](./00a_FiscalYear.md) and [Select a fiscal year](../Operation/01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Das gehört in den Teil zum Header, der im Kapitel 01_Book beschrieben ist.

> - *Fiscal year XXXX/Month X/Journal X*  
> This text displays the fiscal year, month and journal currently selected. This information is read-only.
> 
>   > [Info] If the fiscal year or the posting period need to be changed, click the [FY/MONTH/JOURNAL] button to display the select fiscal year window. For detailed information, see [Fiscal year](./00a_FiscalYear.md) and [Select a fiscal year](../Operation/01_SelectFiscalYear.md).
> 
> - ![Left arrow](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Left arrow]") (Left arrow)   
> Click this arrow to open the *Post extras* side bar. For detailed information about searching in the *Accounting* module, see [Search in accounting](../Operation/14_SearchAccounting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Das gehört in den Teil zum Header, der im Kapitel 01_Book beschrieben ist.

- *Show (all/the last [XXX]) postings*    

> Click the drop-down list to select the preferred display filter.

Reviewer: Vor Beschreibung der Buchungsliste

- *Amount*  
The total amount of all postings displayed.

>   - *Amount 1*  
>   Click this button to manually set an amount 1. A new window opens where the amount can be entered and confirmed with [OK].
>   - *Amount 2*  
>   Click this button to manually set an amount 2. A new window opens.  A new window opens where the amount can be entered and confirmed with [OK].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - *Amount 1*  
  Click this button to manually set an amount 1. The *Set amount 1* window is displayed, see (Set amount 1)[#set-amount-1). 
  - *Amount 2*  
  Click this button to manually set an amount 2. The *Set amount 2* window is displayed, see (Set amount 2)[#set-amount-2].
```
alle Fenster müssen beschrieben werden, also auch diese.

[comment]: <> (Function of Summe 1 & Summe 2??? Describe new window? It seems to change automatically sometimes, at least Summe 1, but I could not find out why! RS FH!)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Input line**
```
-> vgl. Input vs entry line -> eins auswählen!

> The input line allows to create a posting manually. For detailed information, see [Create a manual posting](../Operation/04_CreateManualBooking.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input line allows to create a posting manually. Click a posting in the postings list to apply all details to the input line. For detailed information, see [Create a manual posting](../Operation/04_CreateManualBooking.md).
```

- *Seq. no.*  

>  Enter the posting number. Posting numbers must be sequential. The system adds the next available number automatically if the field is left empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Enter a posting number or leave the field empty. Posting numbers must be sequential. If the field is left empty, the  the next available number is automatically added by the system.
```

- *Currency code*  
Click the drop-down menu to select the appropriate currency.  

  > [Info] It is possible to set up accounts and post transactions in different currencies, but the *Accounting* module can only work with the base currency configured in the system. For detailed information about managing and posting exchange rate fluctuations, see [Post exchange rate fluctuations](../Operation/12_BookExchangeRateFluctuations.md).

- *Exchange rate*  

> This field updates automatically when changing the currency. It can also be modified manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current exchange rate of the selected currency in the *Currency code* field. This field is automatically updated when changing the currency. It is recommended not to edit the field manually.
```

  > [Info] The system retrieves once a day the current foreign currency exchange rates as published by the ECB and applies them automatically, therefore always working with the most up-to-date information.

- *Turnover*  

> Enter the turnover value. Turnover values can be positive (incomes) or negative (expenses). This field is compulsory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the turnover value. Turnover values can be positive (incomes) or negative (expenses). This field is mandatory.
```

- *Contra account*  
Enter the appropriate contra account. This field is compulsory.

>   > [Info] After you have entered at least two numbers in the field, a list is displayed below the field with all accounts matching the entry. You can also select the corresponding account in the list. Alternatively, use the search function to find the account number, see [Search for an account](../Operation/13_SearchAccounting.md#search-for-an-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [Info] After you have entered at least two numbers in the field, a list is displayed below the field with all accounts matching the entry. You can select the corresponding account in the list.
```

- *Receipt1*  
Enter an appropriate reference value, such as the invoice number.

>   > [Info] Even though it is not compulsory, it is highly recommended to fill in the *Receipt 1* field, as the system identifies and groups together any subsequent postings taking this field as reference, for example for an invoice settlement or a credit note in case of refund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [Info] Even though it is not compulsory, it is highly recommended to fill in the *Receipt 1* field, as the system identifies and groups together any subsequent postings taking this field as reference, for example for an invoice settlement or a credit note in case of refund.
```
```suggestion
  > [Info] Even though it is not mandatory, it is highly recommended to fill in the *Receipt 1* field, as the system identifies and groups together any subsequent postings taking this field as reference, for example for an invoice settlement or a credit note in case of refund.
```

- *Receipt2*  
Enter any other appropriate reference value, such as order number.

- *Date*  
Enter the posting date. The valid date format is DDMMYY.

- *Account*   
Enter the appropriate account number, for example a personal account number, that is, customer or supplier number. A valid range for personal account numbers (10000-69999 for customers and 70000-99999 for suppliers) is predefined in the system.

>   > [Info] Customer and supplier personal accounts can be created, edited and deleted. For detailed information, see [Manage the customer/supplier](../Integration/05_ManageCustomerSupplier.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- *COST1*  

> Enter the appropriate value.
> 
>   > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost center has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the applicable cost center number.  This field is only applicable if at least one cost center has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).
```

- *COST2*  

> Enter the appropriate value.
> 
>   > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost unit has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the applicable cost object number. This field is only applicable if at least one cost object has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).
```

- *Posting text*  

> Enter any appropriate posting text. Posting text can contain a combination of letters and numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter any appropriate posting text. Posting text can contain a combination of letters and numbers. The text is limited to 30 characters.
```

> When creating a manual posting or selecting an existing posting, the account/contra account details, as well as their current balances, are displayed under the input line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- *Contra account*  

> This field displays the selected contra account. This field is read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contra account of the selected posting.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Balance*  
Contra account balance. H stands for credit. S stands for debit.
```

- *Account*  

> This field displays the selected account. This field is read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account. name of the selected posting.
```

> - *Balance (amount)H/S (currency)*  
> This field displays the current balance of the corresponding account. H stands for credit. S stands for debit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Balance*  
Account balance. H stands for credit. S stands for debit.
```

- [POST]    
Click this button to post the transaction entered in the input line.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel the selected posting. For detailed information, see [Cancel a posting](../Operation/05_CancelBooking.md).

- [DELETE]    
Click this button to delete the selected posting. For detailed information, see [Delete a single posting](../Operation/06_DeleteBookings.md#delete-a-single-posting).

- [CLEAR]    
Click this button to clear all input line fields.

- [SPLIT]    
Click this button to split a manual posting. The *Split posting* window is displayed, see [Split posting](#split-posting). For detailed information about splitting a posting, see [Split a posting](../Operation/09_SplitBooking.md).

- [ASSIGN RECEIPT]  

> Click this button to assign a receipt to the selected posting. The *Attach document* window is displayed, see [Attach a document](#attach-document). For detailed information, see [Retrieve a receipt](../Operation/10_ManageReceipts.md#retrieve-a-receipt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to assign a receipt to the selected posting or to unassign a receipt from the selected posting.  If no document is assigned to the selected posting, the *Attach document* window is displayed, see [Attach a document](#attach-document). If a document is already assigned to the selected posting, the *Attached document* window is displayed, see [Attached document](#attached-document). For detailed information, see [Retrieve a receipt](../Operation/10_ManageReceipts.md#retrieve-a-receipt).
```

## Split posting

*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button SPLIT*

![Split posting window](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Bookings/SplitBooking01.png "[Split posting window]")

> The information displayed in columns is read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Postings list*

The list displays the selected posting and all partial postings. All fields are read-only.
```

- *Turnover*  
This column displays the turnover value.

- *Contra account*  
This column is displayed empty here. The corresponding contra accounts will be assigned to each split posting.

- *Receipt1*  
This column displays the receipt 1 value, usually the invoice number, if it has been entered.

- *Receipt2*  
This column displays the receipt 2 value, which can be any other reference number, such as the order number, if it has been entered.

- *Date*  
This column displays the posting date. The valid date format is DDMMYY.

- *Account*  
This column displays the account number, usually a personal account number, that is, a customer or supplier account number.

- *Cost1*  
This column displays the cost unit number selected, if it has been entered.

  > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost center has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

- *Cost2*  
This column displays the cost unit number selected, if it has been entered.

  > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost unit has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

- *Text*  

> This column displays the posting text, if it has been entered.

Reviewer: vgl postings list

[comment]: <> (There seems to be an unnamed column between Kst2 and Text, usually where B/Belege comes in. When clicking a posting with a linked receipt, the B icon does not appear here. No option to link a receipt here either, so left out from description. Bug/comment?)

> - *REMAINDER*  
> This field displays the outstanding invoice amount to be split.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *REMAINDER*  
Outstanding invoice amount to be split.  As soon as **0.00** is displayed in the *REST* field, the [SAVE] button is unlocked.
```
vgl. andere Dateien -> da hieß es irgendwo "REST" -> für einen Begriff entscheiden

- *Amount*  
This field displays the total invoice amount.

> The input line allows to split the posting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Input line**

The input line allows to split the posting. 
```

- *Turnover*  
Enter the turnover amount for each partial posting.

- *Contra account*  
Enter the corresponding contra account for each partial posting.

- *Receipt1*  
Enter a receipt 1 value for each partial posting if necessary. This field can be modified.

- *Receipt2*  
Enter a receipt 2 value for each partial posting if necessary. This field can be modified.

- *Date*  
This field cannot be modified.

- *Account*  
This field cannot be modified.

- *Cost1*  
Enter the corresponding cost center for each partial posting if necessary. This field can be modified.

  >[Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost center has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

- *Cost2*  
Enter the corresponding cost unit for each partial posting if necessary. This field can be modified.

  > [Info] This is only applicable if at least one cost unit has been set up. For detailed information, see [COST ACCOUNTING](./02e_CostAccounting.md).

- *Text*  
Enter a posting text for each partial posting if necessary. This field can be modified.

> - *Currency*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currency code
```

Click the drop-down list to select the appropriate currency if necessary.

- *Rate*  

> This field updates automatically when changing the currency. It can also be modified manually.

Reviewer: vgl. postings

- [POST]  
Click this button to make each partial posting.  

- [DELETE]  

> Click this button to delete a partial posting if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to delete the selected partial posting.
```

- [CLEAR]  
Click this button to clear all input line fields.

- [SAVE]  

> Click this button to save the partial postings and record them in the selected posting period.
> 
>   > [Info] When the total invoice amount has been divided, the remainder will equal 0. At this point, the [SAVE] button becomes active and can be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to save the partial postings and record them in the selected posting period. This button is only unlocked if the remainder equals 0.
```

- [CANCEL]  

> Click this button to cancel the whole process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to cancel the split process.
```

## Attach document

*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button ASSIGN RECEIPT*

![Attach document](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Bookings/AttachDocument01.png "[Attach document]")

> - *Directory tree*  
> It displays all folders and subfolders set up in the *Documents* module. Depending on the settings, the folders and subfolders displayed may vary. By default, the following folder and subfolders are displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Directory tree**
  
All folders and subfolders set up in the *Documents* module are displayed in this sidebar. Depending on the settings, the folders and subfolders displayed may vary. By default, the following folder and subfolders are displayed.
```
Add ^/> (Einklappen/Ausklappen) button

  - *New documents*  
  This folder contains the newly uploaded documents.

  - *Registered documents*  
  This folder contains the registered documents. As soon as a new document is linked to a posting, it is moved automatically into the *Registered documents* folder and then placed in the appropriate subfolder according to the following structure:

    - 10000-69999 personal account numbers in case of a debtors'/customers' document
    - 70000-79999 personal account numbers in case of a creditors'/suppliers' document

  - *Printed documents*  
  This folder contains the printed documents.

  - *New supplier receipts*  
  This folder contains the newly uploaded supplier receipts.

> The buttons on top allow to navigate through the folders and documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [START PAGE]  

> Click this button to go back to the initial view of the *Attach document* window, see [Attach document](#attach-document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to go back to the top level directory on the start page of the *Attach document* window.
```

- [REFRESH]  

> Click this button to refresh the window, for example after making some changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to refresh the window.
```

- [PARENT DIRECTORY]  

> Click this button to go directly from the current folder to its parent directory.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to go from the current folder to its parent directory.  
```

- [NEW DIRECTORY]  

> Click this button to create a new folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to create a new folder in the current directory.
```

- [UPLOAD]  
Click this button to upload a new document. The *Upload file to* window is displayed, see [Upload file](#upload-file).

- [DELETE]  
Click this button to delete a selected document or folder.

> All information provided in columns is read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Documents**
```

> - [Checkbox]  
> [comment]: <> (Checkbox does not seem to be working; when selecting the checkbox in the column header, only that one and the last one are selected, not all, as it is usually. Function? Bug?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x]  
Select the checkbox to select the corresponding document or folder. If you click the checkbox in the header, all documents and folders in the list are selected.
```
[comment]: <> (Checkbox does not seem to be working; when selecting the checkbox in the column header, only that one and the last one are selected, not all, as it is usually. Function? Bug?) 
Ich würde von nem Bug ausgehen. Wir beschreiben es, wie es funktionieren sollte.

- *Name*  
Folder or document name.

- *Size*  
Document size.

- *Type*  
Item type (folder).

- *Changed*  
Date when the items has been changed.

- *Owner*  
Item's owner.

> - [SELECT DOCUMENT]  
> Click this button to assign this document to a posting. The *Attached document* window is briefly displayed, see [Attached document](#attached-document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SELECT DOCUMENT]  
Click this button to assign the selected document to the posting. The *Attach document* window is closed.
```
Select finde ich nicht sonderlich passend für "Übernehmen". Vielleicht eher "Assign" oder "attach"?

- [CLOSE]  

> Click this button to close the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to close the *Attach document* window.
```

### Upload file

*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button ASSIGN RECEIPT > Button UPLOAD*

![Attach document window](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Bookings/UploadFileTo.png "[Attach document window]")

> The information related to the uploaded documents is displayed in column view. All fields are read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list displays all uploaded documents. All fields are read-only.
```

- *Status*  

> This column displays the document status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Document status of the uploaded file.
[comment]: <> (Are there any statuses? Never displayed any status)
```

- *Document*  

> This column displays the document name together with its path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File path of the uploaded document.
```

- *Remark*  

> This column displays any remarks related to the uploaded document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remarks related to the uploaded document.
[comment]: <> (Possible that the column values of remarks and status are accidentally reversed? Possible remarks: Uploading... and OK. )
```

- [ADD]  
Click this button to add a file to be uploaded.

- [REMOVE]  

> Click this button to remove a selected file from the upload list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to remove a selected file from the upload list. This button is only unlocked if a file is selected.
```

- [RESET]  

> Click this button to reset the upload list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to reset the upload list. 
```
```suggestion
Click this button to reset the upload list. This button is only unlocked if at least one file is uploaded.
```

- [UPLOAD]  

> The upload starts automatically after adding a file. This button changes to [CANCEL] during the upload.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This button is always locked. The upload starts automatically after adding a file. During the upload, the button is hidden and the [CANCEL] button is displayed instead.  
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[comment]: <> (Button ist überflüssig, da der Upload automatisch startet.-> entfernen? Oder gibt es eine Einstellung, dass der Upload nicht automatisch startet?)
```

- [CLOSE]  

> Click this button to close the window when the upload is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to close the *Upload file* window.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CANCEL]   
  Click this button to cancel the current upload. This button is only displayed during the upload. Otherwise, the [UPLOAD] button is displayed instead. 
```

### Attached document

*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button ASSIGN RECEIPT > Button SELECT DOCUMENT*

> *Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Select icon B*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button B*
```

> *Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button ASSIGN RECEIPT > Button SELECT DOCUMENT*
> *Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Select icon B*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button ASSIGN RECEIPT > Button SELECT DOCUMENT*    
*Accounting > Post > Tab POSTINGS > Button B*
```

![Attached document](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Bookings/AttachedDocument.png "[Attached document]")

- ![Previous](../../Assets/Icons/Previous.png "[Previous]") *Document* ![Next](../../Assets/Icons/Next.png "[Next]")   
These buttons do not have any function here, as there is only one document (or receipt) assigned to a posting.

[comment]: <> (These buttons do have a function in "BELEGE BUCHEN/BOOK RECEIPTS". Add info? Link?)

- ![First page](../../Assets/Icons/FirstPage02.png "[Previous]") ![First page](../../Assets/Icons/Previous.png "[Previous]") *Page [x]* ![Next](../../Assets/Icons/Next.png "[Next]")  
The current page number is displayed. Click the arrow first page/previous/next buttons to scroll through the pages.

- (-) *Zoom* (+)  
Click the -/+ buttons to zoom in and out of the document view.

- *Download file*  

> Click this button to download the document.

Reviewer: vgl. 01_Book

- [CANCEL ASSIGNMENT]  

> Click this button to undo the receipt assignment if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to unassign the receipt from the selected posting.
```

- [CLOSE]  

> Click this button to close the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to close the *Attached document* window.
```
